---
title: Privacy Policy and Legal Notices
permalink: /privacy/
date: 2021-06-30T17:29:27.390Z
show: false
layout: page
---
Amalion, Amalion Publishing, Éditions Amalion, Amalion Sarl and its related initiatives (collectively, "Amalion") recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from Users in the operation of this website, and take reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of any information in accordance with this Privacy and Data Protection Policy. By submitting your information to Amalion you consent to the practices described herein.

Amalion will seek to ensure that any identifiable personal information it collects during the registration and purchasing processes will be adequate, relevant and not excessive for purposes of operating this website or any of the services operated hereunder, it will be kept accurate and up-to-date based on information provided and it will be deleted when no longer needed. Except where necessary in connection with services provided by appropriate intermediaries, who will be required to comply with the confidentiality provisions of this policy, or as expressly provided herein, Amalion will not disclose any personal information identifying Users to any third party, unless required by law or otherwise needed in connection with legal proceedings or unless we have received your consent. Amalion may use personal information and any other piece of communication or information supplied to Amalion for internal business and research purposes and to help enhance and develop our websites.

If you provide Amalion with your email or postal address, you may receive periodic catalogues from Amalion, or other notices containing information about new and services or upcoming events. On occasion, Amalion may make its mailing address lists available to other companies who it believes may have products and services of interest to Amalion’s customers. If you do not wish to receive postal mailings from Amalion, its imprints, or third party organizations, please let us know via phone, fax, mail, or [email](http://www.amalion.net/en/contactus). Please provide us with your exact name and postal address and state which lists you wish to be removed from so that we can be sure your information is removed from those mailing lists.

If use of an electronic product, feature or service offered by Amalion on this website requires a User to provide a name and password or other personally identifiable information, the User will have the option to opt in or out of providing such information and using the product, feature or service.

Amalion may disclose to carefully chosen third parties navigational and transactional information in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics (including "page views" on this website and the products herein) and demographics but only in forms that do not reveal a User's (for Amalion customers) identity or confidential information, except as required by law, as needed in connection with legal proceedings, or unless we have received your consent. Where Amalion publishes a journal or other product on behalf of a third-party, Amalion may also disclose Licensee’s identity on a confidential basis to that third-party.

Cookies are small bits of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are when you return. Cookies remember information about your activities on the site and enable the operator of the site to make your visits more enjoyable or customize your experience. We currently do not use cookies on our web site. For further development of this web site, we may need to recourse to a web technology that necessitates cookies on our site. For example, we may use cookies in a variety of ways, such as to collect information to help us learn things like what kinds of customers our site attracts, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. We will not use cookies to collect and store individually identifiable information. You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely.

Links may be provided from this website to other third party websites. In using such links, Users should be aware that each third party website will vary in terms of its privacy and data protection policies, and Amalion does not take responsibility for the privacy policies of, and usage of, personal information collected by others including, without limitation, those of any partner or affiliate.

You should be aware that identifiable personal information – such as your name or e-mail address – that you voluntarily disclose that are accessible to other Users (e.g. on bulletin boards or in chat areas) could be collected and disclosed by others. Amalion cannot take any responsibility for such collection and disclosure.

Please note that Amalion's Privacy and Data Protection Policy is reviewed periodically. Amalion reserves the right to modify its Privacy and Data Protection Policy at any time without notice. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page. Your continued use of this website will be deemed conclusive acceptance of such modification. Any comments or questions concerning this policy should be addressed by entering your comments through our Contact Us page. If at any point you wish to access your personal information to (1) change your preferences, (2) review the accuracy, or (3) correct, supplement or modify your information, you may either select the Contact Us by email or phone 338601904 or through twitter or facebook in a private direct message as set forth above, or make in a written request to Amalion, BP 5637 Dakar-Fann, Dakar, CP 10700 Senegal.